This makes sense.
It turns out that pinyong is good at fighting and fighting.
Talk about your party's unintended intention to join the prison.
Does the party have the emperor's gold medal and the general's encirclement?
How can I win the gold medal? Let’s go to the big battle.
It seems that he is devoting his bravery to disturbing the morale of the army.
Want to be handsome. I will do my best to have this person beheaded to show his military spirit.
This is the emperor
how could you go
Your Majesty accepts the shame
companion member
Fight against Yue Fei
General Fanshi is just outside Shining
Save you from the battle
These twelve gold medals
Me me wet feast
Just let me have a species that insists this time
You are the devil's mastermind
Reluctant to quit softly
Red Bone White Toe Shoes Responsible
Just met once in a hundred years
They are just anti-Japanese rebels